
# Storybook Requires Configuration

## The Heartbeat of Your Storybook

".storybook/storybook.requires.js" is the sorcerer's spellbook that breathes life into your Storybook collection. This file isn't just an auto-generated tapestry of arcane imports and configurations—it's the beating heart, the central nervous system, the grand maestro that orchestrates the delicate ballet of your UI stories.

## The Forbidden Commentary

Let's not mince words: DO NOT TOUCH THIS FILE. It's auto-generated by Storybook for a reason. Meddling with its dark arts might unleash a cataclysm of bugs and console errors that's scarier than a developer without their favorite hoodie.

```javascript
/* do not change this file, it is auto generated by storybook. */
```

## The Global Declarations

Here, global.STORIES is the scribe that meticulously indexes the tales of your components, screens, and navigations. Through an intricate set of magical expressions (read: regex), it finds and includes all `*.stories.*` files from the depths of your `src` directory into the Storybook. Neatly organized and without breaking a sweat (or a build).

## The Onstage Addons

In a deft move, addons are conjured to add ondevice adornments like controls, actions, and backgrounds to your Storybook realm. It's not quite the same as bedazzling, but quite necessary for spicing up the interactive experience.

## The Preview Companions

From the depths of the "preview.js" file, decorators and parameters are summoned. Think of it like importing the supporting cast members who make sure every main character shines in the spotlight.

## The LogBox.Ignorer

This piece of hocus-pocus is the antidote to the reactor of the "clearDecorators is deprecated" warnings, keeping our console clean as a whistle. It's the equivalent of sweeping the dirt under the rug, but hey, it works.

## The Story Collectors

Lastly, configure(getStories, module, false) is the grand reveal. It tells Storybook where to find the cast of characters for today's performance, each story representing a chapter in the epic saga of your UI.

## Understanding Your Role

Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to simply let this file be. It doesn't require your intervention, your curiosity, or your "just a harmless tweak." It demands your respect. And in return, it gifts you with a seamlessly populated Storybook that's richer than Midas and more structured than a nerdy squirrel's acorn stash.

And that, dear developers, is how you keep the Storybook cauldron brewing without accidentally turning someone into a newt. Now, go and unfold the chapters of your UI with the grace and poise of a ballet dancer on release day.

Happy Storybooking! May your tales be merry and your hot reloads be few.
